[v2.4.7 - Braintree] Updated Braintree documentation for both stores purchase and configuration reference pages (#61)
AdobeDocs/commerce-admin.en: help/configuration-reference/sales/braintree.md

|--- |--- |--- |
|[!UICONTROL Vault Title]|Website|A descriptive title for your reference that identifies the vault where your customer card information is stored.|
|[!UICONTROL Merchant Account ID]|Website|The Merchant Account ID that is to be associated with Braintree transactions from this website. If left blank, the default merchant account from your Braintree account is used.|

> |[!UICONTROL Enable Checkout Express Payments]|Website|We have introduced Express Payment options at the beginning of the checkout to encourage faster checkout experience. We currently offer PayPal, PayLater, Apple Pay and Google Pay as Express payments when it set to `Yes`.<br/>Options: `Yes` / `No`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[!UICONTROL Enable Checkout Express Payments]|Website|Provides a faster checkout experience with Express Payment options at the beginning of the checkout process, including PayPal, PayLater, Apple Pay, and Google Pay. Options: `Yes` / `No`|
```

|--- |--- |--- |
|[!UICONTROL Enabled Local Payment Methods]|Website|Determines if Local Payment Method is included as a payment method through Braintree. Options: `Yes` / `No`|
|[!UICONTROL Title]|Website|Label that appears on the checkout payment method section. Default value: `Local Payments`|

> |[!UICONTROL Fallback Button Text]|Website|Enter the text to use for the button that appears on the fallback braintree page to take customer back to the website. Default value: `Complete Checkout`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[!UICONTROL Fallback Button Text]|Website|Enter the text to use for the button that appears on the fallback Braintree page to take customers back to the website. Default value: `Complete Checkout`|
```

> |[!UICONTROL Redirect on Fail]|Website|Please enter the URL where customer should be redirected when local payment method transaction gets failed or cancelled or any error occurred. It should be checkout payment page (For ex: https://www.domain.com/checkout#payment).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[!UICONTROL Redirect on Fail]|Website|Specifies the URL where customers should be redirected when local payment method transactions are cancelled, fail, or encounter errors. It should be the checkout payment page (for example, `https://www.domain.com/checkout#payment`).|
```

|[!UICONTROL Enable PayPal PayLater through Braintree] |Website|Determines if PayPal PayLater is included as a payment method through Braintree. Options: `Yes` / `No`. This field gets visible when `Enable PayPal through Braintree` is set to `Yes`|
|[!UICONTROL Title]|Store View|The label that identifies PayPal through Braintree to customers during checkout. Default value: `PayPal`|
|[!UICONTROL Vault Enabled]|Website|When enabled, provides secure storage for customer payment information, so customers don't have to re enter their PayPal information for each purchase. Options: `Yes` / `No`|

> |[!UICONTROL Send Cart Line Items for PayPal]|Website|Send the line items (order items) to the PayPal along with Gift Cards, Gift Wrapping for items, Gift Wrapping for order, Store Credit, Shipping and Tax as line items. Options: `Yes` / `No`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[!UICONTROL Send Cart Line Items for PayPal]|Website|Send the line items (order items) to PayPal along with Gift Cards, Gift Wrapping for items, Gift Wrapping for order, Store Credit, Shipping, and Tax as line items. Options: `Yes` / `No`|
```

|[!UICONTROL Debug]|Website|Determines if communications between the PayPal through Braintree system and your store are recorded in a log file. Options: `Yes` / `No`|
|[!UICONTROL Display on Shopping Cart]|Website|Determines if the PayPal button appears in the [mini cart](../../stores-purchase/cart-configuration.md#mini-cart) and on the [shopping cart](../../stores-purchase/cart.md) page. Options: `Yes` / `No`|

>[!NOTE]
>

> >Either **[!DNL PayPal Credit]** or **[!DNL PayPal PayLater]** can be enabled. Both the methods cannot be enabled at the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Either **[!DNL PayPal Credit]** or **[!DNL PayPal PayLater]** can be enabled. Both methods cannot be enabled at the same.
```

|[!UICONTROL Button Label]|Website|Determines the label for the PayPal button. Options: `Paypal` / `Checkout` / `Buy Now` / `Pay`|
|[!UICONTROL Color]|Website|Determines the color of the PayPal button. Options: `Blue` / `Black` / `Gold` / `Silver`|
|[!UICONTROL Shape]|Website|Determines the shape of the PayPal button. Options: `Pill` / `Rectangle`|
|[!UICONTROL Size(Deprecated)]|Website|Determines the size of the PayPal button. Options: `Medium` / `Large` / `Responsive`|

{style="table-layout:auto"}

>[!NOTE]
>

> >**[!DNL Size(Deprecated)]** configuration field is deprecated and not being used to style the PayPal buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>The **[!DNL Size(Deprecated)]** configuration field is deprecated and not being used to style the PayPal buttons.
```
